All right.
So the changes that we implemented in the previous lesson will get some of our tests for the job filter,
sidebar, checkbox group component to fail.
But that is totally fine.
Remember, in most of these tests we are mocking out these store objects that is returned by you store.
So of course one problem we're going to encounter with this new implementation is we now must support
a subscribe method on that mock store.
Otherwise we're going to run into an error.
And so I took the time to run the test suite right here and you can see we're only getting one test
suite failing that is indeed the checkbox group test file.
And you'll notice if I scroll up to one of these failures and it'll tell us the exact same thing store
that subscribe is not a function.
So remember what we're doing in this file is we are importing you store right here.
Then we are using TypeScript to declare it's type right here as just mock and we're getting access to
this use store mark name with this correct type and down below, for example, right here we are providing
this object to return as the return value of use store.
However, this sample object right here does not have a subscribe method.
It only has a commit method and thus the test says You're giving me an object that doesn't have the
method I need to invoke when I set up the component and thus it complains.
So all I need to do is wherever I'm using user mark, all I need to do is make sure that I provide an
actual subscribe method and we can basically set it to whatever we want.
So I propose we simply set it to our usual, which is just going to be a just mock function.
So right here I'm simply going to add exactly a subscribe method.
And so here's the property and I'm going to set it equal to a just function we don't need to track whether
it's been invoked, even though that may come in handy later for another test.
But for now, this should be just fine.
I'm going to scroll down right here.
We're also using Use Star Mark.
It's right here as well.
I'm going to provide subscribe as well.
That method needs to exist on my mark so that it can better emulate the real world store.
And that looks like the only other test that uses the user.
Mark What I'm also going to do, however, is I'm going to copy this line right here, which provides
a mock function for both the Commit method and the Subscribe method.
And I'm going to scroll up to my very first test right here.
We're not actually doing anything with use store mark right here, but just to be safe and ensure that
the component can properly mount, I'm going to copy the code from below just to make sure that use
Star Mark does have this implementation within the body of this test rather than the default implementation
from just that which is returning undefined.
Because even though this test doesn't care about this logic, it will still need an object that's going
to have a subscribe method to work.
So with that, I'm going to save this and we're going to let everything rerun and that should hopefully
get all of the tests to pass.
And indeed, it looks like they do.
You can see here, test suites, 25 passed and 89 total tests or in other words, assertions or IT function
calls passing.
So we do have no more failing tests.
However, if I scroll up, we're going to see that we are still getting a little bit of a warning.
A warning is not a failure, it's just a warning.
And this is actually going to be coming from a different test suite.
If I scroll up, it's going to be coming from our job filter, cyber test suite.
So if I open up job filter sidebar.
I'm going to open up its test suite on the right and I'm going to open up John's other sidebar on the
left.
Recall that what we're doing here is we are using the use star function and we're providing that key,
which of course is sort of the key to unlock the access to the store in its types so that we get access
to a type store right here.
You can see right here understands TypeScript that is understands that we have a store that implements
the global state interface.
Unfortunately, it looks like right here the issue is that injection is not being found, which means
basically we're not actually making out use store in our test.
So our test is trying to use the real use store function instead of a mark.
And thus it's running into problems when it's trying to inject this key.
Because remember, in our test suite, we don't actually have the view store configured in the same
way we do in our actual View app.
So this is kind of its own sandbox environment and in here it's trying to use the real store and that
real store doesn't exist.
So it's saying, Hey, I'm trying to access the store with this key you gave me, but it doesn't exist.
I'm running into an issue.
So basically what we need to say here is don't use the real use store, don't use the actual real implementation,
but rather we're going to solve this problem the exact same way we did in any other component.
We're going to mark out use store.
All right.
So what I'm going to do here right below my import is I'm simply going to write just Mark and I'm going
to provide view.
Now, do we need to actually import use store?
Not really, because we don't need to actually mock it out to be any specific value.
I think that simply by using just default return value, we should be able to avoid the problem.
Granted, we do have this commit method being invoked on the store, but that that is only being triggered
when the user actually clicks on this.
So if we want to write a test for that, then in that test we can indeed import, use, store, mock
it out and have it return a object with a commit method set to adjust function.
But this function by itself will not be invoked.
It will only be invoked when the user clicks on the action button.
So this returning undefined should be just fine.
And again, the purpose right now in this lesson is to simply get rid of all of our errors and warnings
will hopefully add more tests for our new functionality later on and then introduce those features as
needed.
But for now, you can see we're running all of the test suites in our project and as I scroll up, they're
all passing and there are no more warnings as well.
So again, by simply mocking our View X, we're telling just to replace everything in view X, including
you store with a just mock function by default, that just mock function will return undefined.
But that is totally fine because the only use case for store in here is to call the commit method in
a function called the clear user job filter selections that will not actually run when the component
mounts, but will actually only run when the user interacts with it by clicking on the action button,
which it looks like we're not doing yet here.
All right.
So that's why we're able to get away with that.
So with that, we have a fully passing test suite and the code is working in our browser.
So we've made a lot of progress and I will see you next lesson.